---
title: 'Mileage League'
name: Mileage League
description: Online endurage athlete platform for leaderboards, performance statistics, accomplishments, certifications
image: /img/mileageleague_logo.png
to: /subdomains/mileageleague
---

# Mileage League

ALL YOU NEED FOR RUNNING IS INSIDE YOU! So why wait? Get active!

* [Introduction](#introduction)
* [Features](#features)
* [Events](#sports-events)
* [Rules](#rules)
* [FAQ](#faq)
* [Links](#links)


## Introduction

Welcome to MileageLeague.com, Your One-Stop Shop for Athletic Success.

Whether you're a seasoned marathoner or just starting your running journey, MileageLeague.com is here to help you achieve your goals. We are a comprehensive resource for endurance athletes and amateur runners alike, offering a wealth of goals, leaderboard, advice, and a supportive community.

## Features

* Tracking of your fitness activities for distance, time, elevation and days
* Milestone tracking for key accomplishments e.g. 500km of walking, 1000km of cycling
* Automatic update of Strava activities with your progress
* Downloadable certificates for your accomplishments
* Leaderboards
* Athletics teams and communities to support you
* Year end summary and workout calendar
* Goal tracking

## Sports Events

::RacesView{pattern="weekly.*"}

::

::div{.mt-20}
## Rules

*    This is virtual run for 10k and 21.1K every Sunday.
*    You need to register https://MileageLeague.com and connect your Strava account.  Keep your google emailid and strava password handy before you start the process.
*    Results are published at https://runpix.forthe.life

*    Your bib will be same as your Strava Id
*    System takes elapsed time for the fastest period.  You can't merge multiple activities.
*    You must complete min 10km distance to participate. System will automatically take fastest eligible distance.  NOTE: Event 1mm short of 10km can disqualify you.
*    Activity type should Run. Manual entries will be rejected.
*    You should flag the activities in Strava in case you see irregularities

## FAQ

**Q: Is there a charge or fee for participation?**

Basic participation is currently free for all world citizens

**Q: When is the race created**

Race is created every Monday

**Q: I had registered before.  Do I need to register for every race?**

No, till Q2 2025.

## Links

* Registration https://MileageLeague.com
* Facebook Group: https://fb.me/mileageleague
* Results are published at https://runpix.forthe.life

Thank you!
